Fix link (#34186)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca1825.md

> - You're using the analyzers from the .NET 6 SDK or an older version of the analyzer packages, such as Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.FxCopAnalyzers.
> - You're using a zero-length array as an attribute argument, most commonly as a `params` parameter.
>

> > The false positives are due to a [breaking change in the C# compiler](/dotnet/roslyn/blob/main/docs/compilers/CSharp/Compiler%20Breaking%20Changes%20-%20DotNet%207.md#inoneoperation-nodes-for-attributes-are-now-iattributeoperation-nodes). Consider using a newer analyzer that contains the fix for the false positive warnings. Upgrade to Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.NetAnalyzers version 7.0.0-preview1.22464.1 or newer or use the analyzers from the .NET 7 SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The false positives are due to a [breaking change in the C# compiler](/dotnet/csharp/whats-new/breaking-changes/compiler%20breaking%20changes%20-%20dotnet%207#inoneoperation-nodes-for-attributes-are-now-iattributeoperation-nodes). Consider using a newer analyzer that contains the fix for the false positive warnings. Upgrade to Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.NetAnalyzers version 7.0.0-preview1.22464.1 or newer or use the analyzers from the .NET 7 SDK.
```
